so....

Here is what I've been doing (for months).

The gist of it:

Install the files as per instructions.

Make sure that whatever control surface you are using is inserted in the MIDI Sync page in Live's preferences, and assigned its appropriate ports.

Make sure that one (and only one) instance of the Monomodular script is inserted in the MIDI Sync page in Live's preferences.  Leave its ports assigned to 'None'.

If your using the iPad, you'll need to load the AumPad m4l plugin before anything is going to happen. Read the helpfile in the plugin if your confused about what to do.
 
Open one of the m4l plugins in Live.  There's no longer the need for a 'Host' patch in Live, its all taken care of in Python (unless you are using TouchOSC...then you need the AumPad plugin to send/receive OSC).

In order to access Monomodular, press the appropriate buttons (Gary the Welder on the Ohm64, User1+User2 on the Launchpad, the "AUM" button on the iPad).  

Read the helpfiles with the individual plugins to figure out what's going on.  

Apologies:  this is far from complete or perfect.  But it works, much better than prior versions.  And if your interested in making your own Monomodular plugins, its much easier now (and better documented....check out the Monomods_help patch).

I'm working on video tutorials, check the blog regularly. 

I'm working on textual tutorials, check the blog regularly.

I'm working on new plugins....I have four pretty hefty ones that are as yet unreleased.  Check the blog regularly.

This is an OSX only release for the time being (however, most of it should work fine on Windows as well...I'm missing a few files for Bonjour compatibility, there's no lh_midi for Windows although nomeout still works, and I'm still unclear as to whether I have to compile new Windows versions of the .class files for Plinko and Boinngg).

I haven't had time to exhaustively test each plugin...this release is mainly about the Python _Framework I've been building.  I'll focus on the plugins one at a time, and release them individually as I go.  

I'm not wasting time on a changelog tonight....most things work the same as before but better, and in a completely different way ;)

Install the files according to the instructions on the folder titles, and you should be in business.  Feel free to contact me with bugs, malfunctions, praise, hatred, ideas, jokes, insurance claims(same as jokes...I will laugh), riddles, bank account numbers, and music you made with or without my code...I definitely want whateva u got.


Happy blinking!

amounra
